This is a small program, which is used to download wanted links from rss feeds.

This is made to be a program to suite my personal needs, and is therefor quite limited.
If someone thinks this looks like something they might benefit from, but find the feature
set limited, please feel free to send me an enhancment request, or even a patch to add that
specific feature.

Even though this is written with my personal, quite small, use case in mind. I would be
happy to accomodate other peoples needs for something like this, be that cookies, more
sophisticated download paths or anything else you could think of.

I have tried to write tests, that should explain the features of this program, but they are
not complete. In the near future I will add more tests, and thereby documenting the features
better.


Configuration File:

The config_template.txt file is a template file to show the syntax of the config file needed.
It should be called config.txt, and be put in ~/.rssdown/config.txt to be found properly.

The [global] section is the global section, which gives us some configurations for all of the
feeds. download-dir tells us where we wish to download what comes out of the rss feed. It has
to be a full path, and is required

logfile tells us the name of the logfile, and puts it in ~/.rssdown. If not provided it is set
to downloads.log

loglevel is used to set the loglevel, but is not used right now. Right now we set loglevel INFO,
which gives quite a lot of output.

scan-wait is the number of seconds we wish to wait between each time we read and rss feed. This
field is currently required.

Each of the other sections is configurations specific for a feedsite.

link is the url for the specific rss feed.

regex-true is a regex which tells us what we want. The regex-true for feedsite will accept titles
'Some Accepted Download' and 'Some Other Accepted Download'. It is case insensitive, and \s is used
to represent spaces. The field is not required, but it doen't really make sense to not have it, as
we won't download anything in that case.

regex-false specifies rejected regexes. If 'Some Accepted Download Lets Ignore This' is a tested title,
it will not be downloaded as the regex-false overrides the regex-true section, and Ignore is part of
the title. This field is not required, and if it doesn't exist we will accept everything regex-true matches.

We can also override the download-dir on a per. feed basis usign the optional download-dir
